=head1 NAME

githead.pl  -  Maintain limited (HEAD and vendor branches only) git mirror of CVS repository. 

=head1 SYNOPSIS

githead.pl [B<-o> I<branch>] [B<-C> I<gitdir>] [B<-d> I<CVSROOT>] [B<-s> I<statefile>] [B<-x>] I<CVS_module>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

githead.pl is a script for maintaining partial git mirror of CVS repository.
Partial means HEAD and vendor branches. Majority of CVS use cases assume that
all "official" development activity happens in HEAD branch and developer's
workspace is just a local copy of it. So if hypothetical developer would like
to use git mirror of CVS repo more often than not it's just HEAD. githead.pl
covers this particular case.

githead supports incremental updates and keep state of latest successfull sync 
in cache file. Default filename is based on CVSROOT value and located in F<~/.githead> directory

=head1 OPTIONS


=over 5

=item B<-h>, B<-?>

Prints out a brief help message.

=item B<-o> I<branch>

Specify branch for HEAD. Passed directly to L<git-cvsimport(1)>.

=item B<-C> I<gitdir>

Specify directory for git repository. Default if I<CVS_module>.git

=item B<-d> I<CVSROOT> 

Specify CVS root in format acceptable by L<cvs(1)> command. If not provided - environment variable CVSROOT is used.

=item B<-s>

Specify file for saveing import states. 

=item B<-x>

Ignore cached state and re-import all commits from CVS. Please, note, that this option does not affect git directory. It should be deleted/moved manually.

=back

=head1 BUGS


=head1 EXAMPLE

Create  poptop's CVS repository git mirror from the scratch. Output directory poptop.git

C<githead.pl -x -o upstream -d:pserver:anonymous@poptop.cvs.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/poptop poptop>

Create or update (if it exists) git mirror for tmux CVS repo.

C<githead.pl -o upstream -d:pserver:anonymous@tmux.cvs.sourceforge.net:/cvsroot/tmux tmux>

=head1 FILES

F<~/.githead/> - directory with cached import state files

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<git-cvsimport(1)>

=head1 AUTHOR

Oleksandr Tymoshenko <gonzo@bluezbox.com>

=cut
